README.md, before:

# Advance-AI-ML-Detailed-Notes

Python_CheatSheet

          |--->Beginner
                      |---> Python Beginner 1A
                      |---> Python Beginner 1B
                      |---> Python Beginner 2A
                      |---> Python Beginner 2B
                      |---> Python Beginner 2C
          |--->Intermediate
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1A
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1B
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1C
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1D
                      |---> Python Intermediate 2A
                      |---> Python Intermediate 2B
                      

Numpy_Class

          |---> Class-1: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_1.ipynb
          |---> Class-2: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_2.ipynb
          |---> Class-3: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_3.ipynb
          
Pandas_class

          |---> Class-1: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_4.ipynb

Commit message:

Add course notes structure header to README
Added a header for course notes structure.

README.md, after:

# Here you can find complete notes structure for the entire course

# Advance-AI-ML-Detailed-Notes

Python_CheatSheet

          |--->Beginner
                      |---> Python Beginner 1A
                      |---> Python Beginner 1B
                      |---> Python Beginner 2A
                      |---> Python Beginner 2B
                      |---> Python Beginner 2C
          |--->Intermediate
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1A
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1B
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1C
                      |---> Python Intermediate 1D
                      |---> Python Intermediate 2A
                      |---> Python Intermediate 2B
                      

Numpy_Class

          |---> Class-1: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_1.ipynb
          |---> Class-2: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_2.ipynb
          |---> Class-3: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_3.ipynb
          
Pandas_class

          |---> Class-1: Food_Delivery_Data_Exploration_and_analysis_4.ipynb
